I'm Derek Walker.
And I'm excited today to take a look at the
To introduce you to my book, Live Long and Strong.
God's keys to long life and youth renewal.
You know we all want along
And a satisfying life, don't we?
But did you know that God's God also wants you?
To live long
And to live strong.
Very few people are aware that there are promises from God on the subject of living a long life.
Although there's much teaching on divine healing, there's very little on living in divine health.
In my book, Live Long and Strong, I address this lack.
providing what I believe is the first in-depth study of all that the Bible has to say on living a long life.
God wants you to live long and strong
His promise in Psalm ninety one.
And in fact, I do a whole chapter on Psalm 91. But verse 16, he says, "With long life..."
I will satisfy him and show him my salvation.
And Jesus said in John 10:10, "I have come that they may have life and have it in abundance, and that's not just quality of life, but quantity of life, not just any
in eternity. But right now,
But God says:
My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge. You see, if you don't know God's word on a subject, you won't have the faith to receive his promises.
Of long life, in this case.
And so in this book I introduce you to the wealth of Scripture that promises you long life.
In the appendix in the back, I have a whole list of long life scriptures and long life confessions. We talk about things that will shorten your life and things that will lengthen your life.
Lengthen your life.
We talk about issues such as martyrdom and what about those who die young? how do we handle that?
we talk about fighting for your life.
Because fighters have a longer life, so we're going to put fight in you.
and we'll also talk about the renewal of youth, how to receive that and wonderful examples of the great men of God who received the renewal of their youth.
Why do we need long life? Not selfishly, but so that we can fulfill the will of God.
for our lives. So I recommend to you that you order a copy of this book because it will lengthen your life and it will strengthen your life.
In your life.